== Batch Apple ID Creator - usutani fork ==

=== Purpose & Features ===

Deploying a great quantity of iOS devices means creating a great quantity of Apple IDs. This script allows automated Apple ID creation from a spreadsheet. Apple IDs are created without a credit card, which is great for many deployments. There is a "dry run" feature to test the script without actually creating the Apple ID.

=== Changes from Master ===

* iTunes 11 support
* Rescue email import support added (see new appleid.csv template for example).
* Last successfully created Apple ID gets logged to Console.app (filter on 'com.enterpriseios.baic' to see events).
* Delays tweaked throughout script.
* 日本の iTunes Store に対応
* 処理履歴をデスクトップに出力

=== Testing Results ===

Further testing may be needed before this script is used for production accounts.

Tested 10 accounts with:

* OS X 10.8.4
* iTunes 11.0.4

=== Requirements ===

* '''IMPORTANT''': Apple uses a velocity check to prevent too many Apple IDs from a single IP address. You must contact your Apple business representative to request that your IP address is whitelisted for a short time.
* Being [http://developer.apple.com/applescript/ AppleScript], this runs only on Macs.
* [http://www.apple.com/itunes/ iTunes 11] is now supported.
* [http://www.mactech.com/articles/mactech/Vol.21/21.06/UserInterfaceScripting/index.html UI Scripting] allows us to script otherwise non-scriptbale interfaces. Turn this on in System Preferences > Accessibility and check "Enable access for assistive devices."
* Apple has [http://support.apple.com/kb/TS1728 strong password requirements]. Account creation will fail if the passwords are too weak.

=== Instructions ===

A template CSV file is included. Fill out all columns, keeping the column headers, and save as CSV. Then run the script. Rescue email support has been added.

=== Security Questions ===

As of iTunes 11.0.4 Apple has required three security questions. The Batch Apple ID Creator allows you to choose the questions from the list below. Each question should be copied into the appropriate spreadsheet column (Security Question 1, 2 or 3) exactly as typed below.

'' Security Question 1 ''
* 十代の頃の親友の名前は？
* 初めて飼ったペットの名前は？
* 初めて覚えた料理は？
* 初めて映画館で観た映画は？
* 初めて飛行機で行った場所は？
* 小学生の時に好きだった先生の名前は？

'' Security Question 2 ''
* 憧れの職業は？
* 好きな絵本の題名は？
* 初めて所有した車の名前は？
* 子供の頃のニックネームは？
* 学生時代に好きだった映画スターや登場人物の名前は？
* 学生時代に好きだった歌手またはバンドの名前は？

'' Security Question 3 ''
* 両親が出会った町の名前は？
* 初めての職場での上司の名前は？
* 子供時代を過ごした町の名前は？
* 初めて遊びにいった海の名前は？
* 初めて購入したアルバムの題名は？
* 好きなスポーツチームは？

=== Known Bugs ===

Errors are not handled gracefully. Although some errors are recoverable, if the script stops, it loses track of its progress. Edit the spreadsheet to continue.

At the end of this script, Apple will send a verification email to the Apple ID. To complete verification, click the link in the message, then re-enter the account address and password.

The rescue email will also be sent a verification email. In practice, it's been found there's no need to verify the rescue email but YMMV.
=== Download ===

The files are downloadable from GitHub: https://github.com/thomrburg/Apple-ID-AppleScript Feel free to fork and improve.

=== Acknowledgments === 

This script was originally created by Enterprise iOS user [http://www.enterpriseios.com/users/Eight_Quarter_Bit Greg Moore], who works for Hope Public Schools in Hope, Arkansas. [http://www.enterpriseios.com/users/Aaron_Freimark Aaron Freimark] then updated the script to work with iTunes 10.6.1 and the multiple recovery questions. iTunes 11 Support, Rescue Email import and current created user logging were later added by [http://www.enterpriseios.com/users/thomrburg Thomas Burgess] who works for Lexington County School District One in Lexington, SC. Discuss on [http://www.enterpriseios.com/wiki/Batch_Apple_ID_Generator EnterpriseiOS.com]. This script or derivatives must not be sold. If you make it better, please give back to the community that brought it to you.
